mkdir: cannot create directory ‘/content/WeCLIP/pretrained’: File exists
{'dataset': {'root_dir': '/content/VOCdevkit/VOC2012', 'name_list_dir': '/content/WeCLIP/datasets/voc', 'num_classes': 21, 'crop_size': 320, 'resize_range': [512, 2048], 'rescale_range': [0.5, 2.0], 'ignore_index': 255}, 'work_dir': {'dir': '/content/drive/MyDrive/WEclip-ckpt', 'ckpt_dir': 'checkpoints', 'pred_dir': 'predictions', 'segs_dir': 'segs', 'tb_logger_dir': 'tb_logger'}, 'train': {'split': 'train_aug', 'samples_per_gpu': 4, 'max_iters': 30000, 'cam_iters': 2000, 'eval_iters': 2000, 'log_iters': 200}, 'val': {'split': 'train'}, 'optimizer': {'type': 'AdamW', 'learning_rate': 0.0002, 'betas': [0.9, 0.999], 'weight_decay': 0.01}, 'scheduler': {'warmup_iter': 50, 'warmup_ratio': 1e-06, 'power': 1.0}, 'clip_init': {'clip_pretrain_path': '/content/WeCLIP/pretrained/ViT-B-16.pt', 'embedding_dim': 256, 'in_channels': [768, 768, 768, 768]}}
Namespace(config='configs/voc_attn_reg.yaml', work_dir='results', bkg_score=0.45, resize_long=512, eval_set='val', model_path='/your/path/WeCLIP/WeCLIP_model_iter_30000.pth')
positional_embedding False
text_projection False
logit_scale False
visual.class_embedding False
visual.positional_embedding False
visual.proj False
visual.conv1.weight False
visual.ln_pre.weight False
visual.ln_pre.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.0.attn.in_proj_weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.0.attn.in_proj_bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.0.attn.out_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.0.attn.out_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.0.ln_1.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.0.ln_1.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.0.mlp.c_fc.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.0.mlp.c_fc.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.0.mlp.c_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.0.mlp.c_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.0.ln_2.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.0.ln_2.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.1.attn.in_proj_weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.1.attn.in_proj_bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.1.attn.out_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.1.attn.out_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.1.ln_1.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.1.ln_1.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.1.mlp.c_fc.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.1.mlp.c_fc.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.1.mlp.c_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.1.mlp.c_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.1.ln_2.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.1.ln_2.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.2.attn.in_proj_weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.2.attn.in_proj_bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.2.attn.out_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.2.attn.out_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.2.ln_1.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.2.ln_1.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.2.mlp.c_fc.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.2.mlp.c_fc.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.2.mlp.c_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.2.mlp.c_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.2.ln_2.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.2.ln_2.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.3.attn.in_proj_weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.3.attn.in_proj_bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.3.attn.out_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.3.attn.out_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.3.ln_1.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.3.ln_1.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.3.mlp.c_fc.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.3.mlp.c_fc.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.3.mlp.c_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.3.mlp.c_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.3.ln_2.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.3.ln_2.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.4.attn.in_proj_weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.4.attn.in_proj_bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.4.attn.out_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.4.attn.out_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.4.ln_1.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.4.ln_1.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.4.mlp.c_fc.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.4.mlp.c_fc.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.4.mlp.c_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.4.mlp.c_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.4.ln_2.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.4.ln_2.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.5.attn.in_proj_weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.5.attn.in_proj_bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.5.attn.out_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.5.attn.out_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.5.ln_1.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.5.ln_1.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.5.mlp.c_fc.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.5.mlp.c_fc.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.5.mlp.c_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.5.mlp.c_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.5.ln_2.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.5.ln_2.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.6.attn.in_proj_weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.6.attn.in_proj_bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.6.attn.out_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.6.attn.out_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.6.ln_1.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.6.ln_1.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.6.mlp.c_fc.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.6.mlp.c_fc.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.6.mlp.c_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.6.mlp.c_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.6.ln_2.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.6.ln_2.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.7.attn.in_proj_weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.7.attn.in_proj_bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.7.attn.out_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.7.attn.out_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.7.ln_1.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.7.ln_1.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.7.mlp.c_fc.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.7.mlp.c_fc.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.7.mlp.c_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.7.mlp.c_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.7.ln_2.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.7.ln_2.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.8.attn.in_proj_weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.8.attn.in_proj_bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.8.attn.out_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.8.attn.out_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.8.ln_1.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.8.ln_1.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.8.mlp.c_fc.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.8.mlp.c_fc.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.8.mlp.c_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.8.mlp.c_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.8.ln_2.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.8.ln_2.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.9.attn.in_proj_weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.9.attn.in_proj_bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.9.attn.out_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.9.attn.out_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.9.ln_1.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.9.ln_1.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.9.mlp.c_fc.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.9.mlp.c_fc.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.9.mlp.c_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.9.mlp.c_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.9.ln_2.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.9.ln_2.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.10.attn.in_proj_weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.10.attn.in_proj_bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.10.attn.out_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.10.attn.out_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.10.ln_1.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.10.ln_1.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.10.mlp.c_fc.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.10.mlp.c_fc.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.10.mlp.c_proj.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.10.mlp.c_proj.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.10.ln_2.weight False
visual.transformer.resblocks.10.ln_2.bias False
visual.transformer.resblocks.11.attn.in_proj_weight True
visual.transformer.resblocks.11.attn.in_proj_bias True
visual.transformer.resblocks.11.attn.out_proj.weight True
visual.transformer.resblocks.11.attn.out_proj.bias True
visual.transformer.resblocks.11.ln_1.weight True
visual.transformer.resblocks.11.ln_1.bias True
visual.transformer.resblocks.11.mlp.c_fc.weight True
visual.transformer.resblocks.11.mlp.c_fc.bias True
visual.transformer.resblocks.11.mlp.c_proj.weight True
visual.transformer.resblocks.11.mlp.c_proj.bias True
visual.transformer.resblocks.11.ln_2.weight True
visual.transformer.resblocks.11.ln_2.bias True
visual.ln_post.weight False
visual.ln_post.bias False
transformer.resblocks.0.attn.in_proj_weight False
transformer.resblocks.0.attn.in_proj_bias False
transformer.resblocks.0.attn.out_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.0.attn.out_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.0.ln_1.weight False
transformer.resblocks.0.ln_1.bias False
transformer.resblocks.0.mlp.c_fc.weight False
transformer.resblocks.0.mlp.c_fc.bias False
transformer.resblocks.0.mlp.c_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.0.mlp.c_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.0.ln_2.weight False
transformer.resblocks.0.ln_2.bias False
transformer.resblocks.1.attn.in_proj_weight False
transformer.resblocks.1.attn.in_proj_bias False
transformer.resblocks.1.attn.out_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.1.attn.out_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.1.ln_1.weight False
transformer.resblocks.1.ln_1.bias False
transformer.resblocks.1.mlp.c_fc.weight False
transformer.resblocks.1.mlp.c_fc.bias False
transformer.resblocks.1.mlp.c_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.1.mlp.c_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.1.ln_2.weight False
transformer.resblocks.1.ln_2.bias False
transformer.resblocks.2.attn.in_proj_weight False
transformer.resblocks.2.attn.in_proj_bias False
transformer.resblocks.2.attn.out_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.2.attn.out_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.2.ln_1.weight False
transformer.resblocks.2.ln_1.bias False
transformer.resblocks.2.mlp.c_fc.weight False
transformer.resblocks.2.mlp.c_fc.bias False
transformer.resblocks.2.mlp.c_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.2.mlp.c_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.2.ln_2.weight False
transformer.resblocks.2.ln_2.bias False
transformer.resblocks.3.attn.in_proj_weight False
transformer.resblocks.3.attn.in_proj_bias False
transformer.resblocks.3.attn.out_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.3.attn.out_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.3.ln_1.weight False
transformer.resblocks.3.ln_1.bias False
transformer.resblocks.3.mlp.c_fc.weight False
transformer.resblocks.3.mlp.c_fc.bias False
transformer.resblocks.3.mlp.c_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.3.mlp.c_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.3.ln_2.weight False
transformer.resblocks.3.ln_2.bias False
transformer.resblocks.4.attn.in_proj_weight False
transformer.resblocks.4.attn.in_proj_bias False
transformer.resblocks.4.attn.out_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.4.attn.out_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.4.ln_1.weight False
transformer.resblocks.4.ln_1.bias False
transformer.resblocks.4.mlp.c_fc.weight False
transformer.resblocks.4.mlp.c_fc.bias False
transformer.resblocks.4.mlp.c_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.4.mlp.c_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.4.ln_2.weight False
transformer.resblocks.4.ln_2.bias False
transformer.resblocks.5.attn.in_proj_weight False
transformer.resblocks.5.attn.in_proj_bias False
transformer.resblocks.5.attn.out_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.5.attn.out_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.5.ln_1.weight False
transformer.resblocks.5.ln_1.bias False
transformer.resblocks.5.mlp.c_fc.weight False
transformer.resblocks.5.mlp.c_fc.bias False
transformer.resblocks.5.mlp.c_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.5.mlp.c_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.5.ln_2.weight False
transformer.resblocks.5.ln_2.bias False
transformer.resblocks.6.attn.in_proj_weight False
transformer.resblocks.6.attn.in_proj_bias False
transformer.resblocks.6.attn.out_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.6.attn.out_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.6.ln_1.weight False
transformer.resblocks.6.ln_1.bias False
transformer.resblocks.6.mlp.c_fc.weight False
transformer.resblocks.6.mlp.c_fc.bias False
transformer.resblocks.6.mlp.c_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.6.mlp.c_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.6.ln_2.weight False
transformer.resblocks.6.ln_2.bias False
transformer.resblocks.7.attn.in_proj_weight False
transformer.resblocks.7.attn.in_proj_bias False
transformer.resblocks.7.attn.out_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.7.attn.out_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.7.ln_1.weight False
transformer.resblocks.7.ln_1.bias False
transformer.resblocks.7.mlp.c_fc.weight False
transformer.resblocks.7.mlp.c_fc.bias False
transformer.resblocks.7.mlp.c_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.7.mlp.c_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.7.ln_2.weight False
transformer.resblocks.7.ln_2.bias False
transformer.resblocks.8.attn.in_proj_weight False
transformer.resblocks.8.attn.in_proj_bias False
transformer.resblocks.8.attn.out_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.8.attn.out_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.8.ln_1.weight False
transformer.resblocks.8.ln_1.bias False
transformer.resblocks.8.mlp.c_fc.weight False
transformer.resblocks.8.mlp.c_fc.bias False
transformer.resblocks.8.mlp.c_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.8.mlp.c_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.8.ln_2.weight False
transformer.resblocks.8.ln_2.bias False
transformer.resblocks.9.attn.in_proj_weight False
transformer.resblocks.9.attn.in_proj_bias False
transformer.resblocks.9.attn.out_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.9.attn.out_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.9.ln_1.weight False
transformer.resblocks.9.ln_1.bias False
transformer.resblocks.9.mlp.c_fc.weight False
transformer.resblocks.9.mlp.c_fc.bias False
transformer.resblocks.9.mlp.c_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.9.mlp.c_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.9.ln_2.weight False
transformer.resblocks.9.ln_2.bias False
transformer.resblocks.10.attn.in_proj_weight False
transformer.resblocks.10.attn.in_proj_bias False
transformer.resblocks.10.attn.out_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.10.attn.out_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.10.ln_1.weight False
transformer.resblocks.10.ln_1.bias False
transformer.resblocks.10.mlp.c_fc.weight False
transformer.resblocks.10.mlp.c_fc.bias False
transformer.resblocks.10.mlp.c_proj.weight False
transformer.resblocks.10.mlp.c_proj.bias False
transformer.resblocks.10.ln_2.weight False
transformer.resblocks.10.ln_2.bias False
transformer.resblocks.11.attn.in_proj_weight True
transformer.resblocks.11.attn.in_proj_bias True
transformer.resblocks.11.attn.out_proj.weight True
transformer.resblocks.11.attn.out_proj.bias True
transformer.resblocks.11.ln_1.weight True
transformer.resblocks.11.ln_1.bias True
transformer.resblocks.11.mlp.c_fc.weight True
transformer.resblocks.11.mlp.c_fc.bias True
transformer.resblocks.11.mlp.c_proj.weight True
transformer.resblocks.11.mlp.c_proj.bias True
transformer.resblocks.11.ln_2.weight True
transformer.resblocks.11.ln_2.bias True
token_embedding.weight False
ln_final.weight False
ln_final.bias False
/content/WeCLIP/test_msc_flip_voc.py:194: FutureWarning: You are using `torch.load` with `weights_only=False` (the current default value), which uses the default pickle module implicitly. It is possible to construct malicious pickle data which will execute arbitrary code during unpickling (See https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/blob/main/SECURITY.md#untrusted-models for more details). In a future release, the default value for `weights_only` will be flipped to `True`. This limits the functions that could be executed during unpickling. Arbitrary objects will no longer be allowed to be loaded via this mode unless they are explicitly allowlisted by the user via `torch.serialization.add_safe_globals`. We recommend you start setting `weights_only=True` for any use case where you don't have full control of the loaded file. Please open an issue on GitHub for any issues related to this experimental feature.
  checkpoint = torch.load("/content/WeCLIP_model.pth", map_location="cpu")
  0%|                                                                      | 0/1449 [00:00<?, ?it/s]/content/WeCLIP/clip/model.py:22: UserWarning: `nn.functional.upsample` is deprecated. Use `nn.functional.interpolate` instead.
  emb = F.upsample(emb, size=new_size, mode='bilinear',)
100%|===========================================================| 1449/1449 [20:52<00:00,  1.16it/s]
cams score:
{'pAcc': 0.9291897686448726, 'mAcc': 0.8666185060769255, 'miou': 0.73879809190482, 'iou': {0: 0.9154430859044527, 1: 0.8489396111453118, 2: 0.4226714111963737, 3: 0.869706035165449, 4: 0.7252049361059935, 5: 0.5570154820612353, 6: 0.8620652528333927, 7: 0.7826976839247002, 8: 0.9002051606326288, 9: 0.5022436653382579, 10: 0.8570792993691223, 11: 0.6365759280199939, 12: 0.8783528220664497, 13: 0.870114868364377, 14: 0.7600612698035523, 15: 0.7313918823411113, 16: 0.5355947872321408, 17: 0.8736901665123524, 18: 0.6758978370569718, 19: 0.8048836979742409, 20: 0.5049250469531142}}
segs score:
{'pAcc': 0.894165924960195, 'mAcc': 0.8090130417398943, 'miou': 0.6328978847857057, 'iou': {0: 0.8787393289442299, 1: 0.7872382095669931, 2: 0.41524749883032286, 3: 0.6059985990386506, 4: 0.5991614372413905, 5: 0.3716607843790577, 6: 0.822105799098929, 7: 0.7097402078972228, 8: 0.8608932838786552, 9: 0.20645145082940425, 10: 0.7221376142087313, 11: 0.5490352671475697, 12: 0.80313157993872, 13: 0.6762870114227475, 14: 0.7279571725063929, 15: 0.7339060888116725, 16: 0.5373844940090816, 17: 0.7751594540102995, 18: 0.4092099210703489, 19: 0.6414101650984713, 20: 0.45800021257092793}}
msc segs score:
{'pAcc': 0.9000146218545326, 'mAcc': 0.8272434186490397, 'miou': 0.6511879379789279, 'iou': {0: 0.8835060661181412, 1: 0.7757708495336884, 2: 0.4122494994849068, 3: 0.6439053804885513, 4: 0.6279403604985, 5: 0.38401125313609097, 6: 0.8325886684096664, 7: 0.7171754980624048, 8: 0.8794928032179984, 9: 0.22619007506150698, 10: 0.7781696532185132, 11: 0.5701270821575151, 12: 0.8354522297486923, 13: 0.7015781113676345, 14: 0.7383377828938409, 15: 0.7468643927500112, 16: 0.558595936253344, 17: 0.7941292710268291, 18: 0.43536288339750356, 19: 0.643992722337179, 20: 0.4895061783949673}}